io/liski/postgresql/repositories/TranslatorRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.TranslatorRepository
io/liski/postgresql/controllers/BookController.java
 io.liski.postgresql.controllers.BookController
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Role.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Role
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/EpochRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.EpochRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/FavouriteRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.FavouriteRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/AuthorRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.AuthorRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/KindRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.KindRepository
io/liski/postgresql/PostgresqlApplication.java
 io.liski.postgresql.PostgresqlApplication
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/UserRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.UserRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/RoleRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.RoleRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/BookRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.BookRepository
io/liski/postgresql/controllers/RoleController.java
 io.liski.postgresql.controllers.RoleController
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/ReservationRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.ReservationRepository
io/liski/postgresql/repositories/GenreRepository.java
 io.liski.postgresql.repositories.GenreRepository
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Book.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Book
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Author.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Author
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Epoch.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Epoch
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Genre.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Genre
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Kind.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Kind
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Translator.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Translator
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Favourite.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Favourite
io/liski/postgresql/domain/User.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.User
io/liski/postgresql/domain/Reservation.java
 io.liski.postgresql.domain.Reservation
